reorder and update releases usage pages (#5034)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/releases/usage/archive-release.mdx

description: "Learn how to permanently hide or archive a release."
---

Since an event received from a deleted release automatically recreates it, Sentry has an option to hide, or archive, releases. Archiving can also be useful if you're no longer interested in viewing a release or if you've accidentally created a release you no longer want to track.

## Using Sentry.io

Archiving in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) removes the release from the list of releases you can select to view:

![archive release ui](release-archive.png)

> Archived releases won't show up in **Releases** unless you filter for them:

Reviewer: "unless you filter for them" feels a little weird. They're filtered by default and you need to change the filters show archived

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1400464/168880160-de9e69c6-8440-46a3-8309-1a62a619b865.png)

> Archived releases won't show up in **Releases** unless you filter for them:

Author: ```suggestion
Archived releases won't show up in **Releases** unless you change the filter to display them:
```
